Say what's the matter
Long time no see
It's hard to do once.
Speak up
Stop pretending to be me here
Don't worry.
Do you know what you are doing about this?
What does it matter to you what my man is doing?
You're a man!
What do you mean?
You're trying so hard to get married here
It seems he doesn't take you seriously at all
There are many people who want to chase him
Besides, what if Yin Ning is outside?
Don't be delusional
I'll be back with you, don't get me wrong
I'm not interested in you.
I am now
Just think
Make some money
Beside fans over the years
It's the first time I've seen him.
So intimate with a woman
500,000 who let me see this picture online
Okay.
Help me check someone
Miss Tang
Recently, Mr. Gu has often appeared in the industry
The woman in the photo is here often.
A chaperone
escort lady
How dare you seduce me